# CSCI-4830-Assignment-5-Forms
accessible form example Assignment 5
## Observations of Making the Example more accessible
  First adding the heading structures allowed you to see the new form site broken up nicely, and better for the screen reader to understand.  Next, the quick change for the title made it shorter and easier to understand.  The biggest changes that help the screen reader was changing the fieldset, legends and labels for the form.  First, making the fieldset allowed it to be easier to read for the screen reader and group the sections together.  The legends labelled each section of the form boxed around with the section being labeled.  Lastly, the labels made it a lot easier for each list of the section to be read by the screen reader.  Another addition I added was the placeholder I learned from the other universal design class that allowed me to put examples for the required fields.  
  I ended up changing the colors of the form to make the background of the website black, the form sections a dark gray and then the text a light read which had a contrast of 16+:1 well above the Level AAA conformance ratio.  The lowest contrast on the form is 7.9:1 where the dark gray of the form box and the highlighted (focus) of the box to show where you are when you tab through the site.  I did enhance the size of the text for the legends, the text within the form and allowed a little more margin between the text boxes to make them less cluttered.  Also, added another hover feature for the submit button that changes colors when you mouse over the submit button to show more visually where your mouse is.  
